DOC-3243: Bundled content CSS is now loaded into preview iframes (#4014)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.4.0-release-notes.adoc

// CCFR here.

=== Bundled content CSS is now loaded into preview iframes
// #TINY-13190

> Previously, when the editor content CSS was bundled, it was not loaded into the Preview Iframe. This caused a visual mismatch between the editor content area and what users saw in the Preview dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when the editor content CSS was bundled, it was not loaded into preview iframes. This caused a visual mismatch between the editor content area and what users saw in the Preview dialog, Suggested Edits view and Revision History view.
```
